# RAM users {#concept_12348_zh .concept}

A RAM user represents the identity of an entity, for example, a person or an application, in Alibaba Cloud. If a new user or an application wants to access your Alibaba Cloud resources, you must create a RAM user and grant it the relevant permissions to access the necessary resources.

## Before creating a RAM user {#section_eyh_fg3_pgb .section}

Log on to the [RAM console](https://partners-intl.console.aliyun.com/#/ram).

## Create a RAM user {#section_01 .section}

1.  In the **RAM console**, click **Identities** and choose **Users** \> **Create User**.
2.  Enter the **Logon Name** and **Display Name**.

    **Note:** To create multiple RAM users at a time, click **Add User**.

3.  Select **Console Password Logon** or **Programmatic Access** as the access mode.

    **Note:** We recommend that you select only one access mode for the RAM user.

    -   If you select **Console Password Logon**, you must also complete the basic security settings for logon, including deciding whether to automatically generate a password or customize the logon password, setting whether the user must reset the password upon the next logon, and setting whether to enable multi-factor authentication \(MFA\).
    -   If you select **Programmatic Access**, an AccessKey is automatically created for the user.

## Manage a RAM user {#section_03 .section}

After creating a RAM user, you can manage and change the user settings as needed.

-   **Edit basic user information.**
    1.  In the **RAM console**, click Users and click the target RAM user name.

        **Note:** You can enter keywords to search for a specific user name.

    2.  In the Basic Information area, click **Modify Basic Information**.
    3.  On the displayed page, you can change the user name and display name, add helpful remarks.
-   **Manage console logon.**

    You can set a logon password for users to use when they log on to the console.

    1.  In the **RAM console**, click Users, and click the target RAM user name.

        **Note:** You can enter keywords to search for a specific user name.

    2.  In the Console Logon Management area, click **Modify Logon Settings**.
    3.  On the **Modify Logon Settings** page, modify the logon settings for the user.

        The logon settings include the following actions:

        -   Decide whether to enable console password logon.
        -   Set the logon password.
        -   Decide whether the user must reset the password upon the next logon.
        -   Decide whether to enable MFA.
-   **Enable MFA.**

    MFA is a simple but effective best practice that can provide additional security protection compared with the standard user name and password method.

    1.  When you need to modify the console logon settings, make sure that you have selected **Required** for **Enable MFA** on the **Modify Logon Settings** page.
    2.  After the user logs on to the console, the MFA device association process is prompted. The user can follow the process to complete the MFA device association.
    After you enable MFA, two authentication factors are required when the user logs on to Alibaba Cloud:

    -   The first authentication factor is a user name and password combination.
    -   The second authentication factor is a code generated by the MFA device as specified by the user.
    The specified MFA device is an application that generates a 6-digit verification code that complies with the time-based one-time password algorithm \(TOTP\) standard [RFC 6238](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6238). Such an application is generally an app that runs on a target mobile device \(such as Google Authenticator\).

-   **Manage AccessKeys.**

    **Create an AccessKey.**

    To create an AccessKey for a user who needs to call APIs, follow these steps:

    1.  In the **RAM console**, click Users and click the target RAM user name.

        **Note:** You can enter keywords to search for a specific user name.

    2.  In the Access Keys area, click **Create AccessKey**.
    3.  In the displayed dialog box, confirm the AccessKey information and save it for later use.

        **Note:** 

        -   The AccessKey Secret is displayed only once during its initial creation. Currently, only the AccessKey ID, status, the latest time when the AccessKey Secret is used, and the creation time can be queried.
        -   If the AccessKey is mistakenly disclosed or lost, you must create a new one.
    **Disable an AccessKey.**

    In the Access Keys area, you can:

    -   Click **Disable** to disable the AccessKey.
    -   Click **Enable** to enable the AccessKey.
    **Delete an AccessKey.**

    **Notice:** Do not delete an AccessKey if it is being used by another user. Deleting an AccessKey that is currently in use may cause service failure. Exercise caution when performing this action.

    To confirm the usage status of an AccessKey, check the timestamp through **Last Used** in the **Access Keys** area.


## Log on to the console as a RAM user {#section_nn4_5l2_qgb .section}

The RAM user logon account is in User Principal Name \(UPN\) format, which is the user logon name shown in the user list in the RAM console.

On the RAM user logon page, users can log on using either of the following methods:

-   UPN format: <$username\>@<$AccountAlias\>.onaliyun.com

    **Note:** The <$AccountAlias\>.onaliyun.com is the default domain name. For more information, see [Default domain name management](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Identity management/Logon security settings/域名管理.md#).

-   <$username\>@<$AccountAlias\>

To maintain account security, the logon portal for RAM users is different from that of the Alibaba Cloud account.

To view the logon link, log on to the [RAM console](https://partners-intl.console.aliyun.com/#/ram) and find the logon link on the Overview page.

## Grant permissions to a RAM user {#section_02 .section}

After creating a RAM user, you can click **Add Permissions** to grant it permissions.

1.  From the list of created users, select the target RAM user name.
2.  Click **Add Permissions**. On the displayed **Add Permissions** page, the target RAM user name is entered automatically.
3.  Select the policy that you want to attach to the RAM user and then click **OK**.

## Delete a RAM user {#section_05 .section}

**Notice:** Do not delete a RAM user that is active. Deleting an active RAM user may result in service failure. Exercise caution when performing this action.

1.  In the **RAM console**, click Users and select the target RAM user name.
2.  Click **Delete** on the right.
3.  In the displayed dialog box, click **OK**.

## What to do next {#section_kph_rh3_pgb .section}

-   You can add a RAM user to one or more user groups and grant permissions to the group as needed. For more information, see [RAM user groups](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Identity management/User management/RAM user groups.md#).
-   You can attach one or more policies to a RAM user to allow the user to access resources. For more information, see [Permission granting in RAM](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Permission management/Permission granting/Permission granting in RAM.md#).

