# Users {#concept_12348_zh .concept}

A RAM user is a type of identity used in RAM. It represents an entity, for example, a person or an application. If a new user or an application wants to access your Alibaba Cloud resources, you must create a RAM user and grant it relevant permissions to access the resources.

The general procedure is as follows:

1.  Log on to the [RAM console](https://partners-intl.console.aliyun.com/#/ram) using your Alibaba Cloud account credentials \(or the credentials of a relevant RAM user account\).
2.  Create a RAM user and select an access mode: You can select console password logon or programmatic access.
3.  Grant permissions to the RAM user: You can add the RAM user to one or more user groups or attach one or more policies to it as required.

## Create a RAM user {#section_01 .section}

1.  In the **RAM console**, select **Identities** \> **Users** \> **Create User**.
2.  Enter a logon name and a display name for the user. To create multiple RAM users at a time, click **Add User**.
3.  Select **Console Password Logon** or **Programmatic Access** as the access mode.

    **Note:** We recommend that you select only one access mode for the RAM user.

    -   If you select **Console Password Logon**, you must also complete the basic security settings for logon, including deciding whether to automatically generate a password or customize the logon password, setting whether the user must reset the password upon the next logon, and setting whether to enable Multi-Factor Authentication \(MFA\).
    -   If you select **Programmatic Access**, an AccessKey \(API access key\) is automatically created for the user.

## Grant permissions to a RAM user {#section_02 .section}

After creating a RAM user, you can click **Add Permissions** to grant it permissions.

1.  From the list of created users, select the target user.
2.  Click **Add Permissions**. On the displayed **Add Permissions** page, the principal is entered automatically.
3.  Select the policy that you want to attach to the RAM user and then click **OK**.

## Manage a RAM user {#section_03 .section}

After creating a RAM user, you can manage and change the user settings as needed.

-   **Edit basic user information**
    1.  In the **RAM console**, click Users, locate your target user, and click the user name.

        **Note:** You can enter keywords to search for a specific user name.

    2.  In the Basic Information area, click **Modify Basic Information**.
    3.  On the displayed **Modify Basic Information** page, you can change the user display name, add helpful remarks.
-   **Manage console logon**

    You can set a logon password for users to use when they log on to the console.

    1.  In the **RAM console**, click Users, locate your target user, and click the user name.

        **Note:** You can enter keywords to search for a specific user name.

    2.  In the Console Logon Management area, click **Modify Logon Settings**.
    3.  On the **Modify Logon Settings** page, modify the logon settings for the user.

        The logon settings include:

        -   Decide whether to enable console password logon.
        -   Set the logon password.
        -   Decide whether the user must reset the password upon the next logon.
        -   Decide whether to enable MFA.
-   **Enable MFA**

    MFA is a simple but effective best practice that can provide additional security protection compared with traditional user name and password method.

    1.  Make sure that you have selected **Required** for **Enable MFA** when you **Modify Logon Settings** through **Console Logon Management**.
    2.  After the user logs on to the console as a RAM user, the MFA device binding process is prompted. The user can follow the process to complete the MFA device binding.
    After you enable MFA, two authentication factors are required when the user logs on to Alibaba Cloud:

    -   The first authentication factor is a user name and password combination.
    -   The second authentication factor is a code generated by the MFA device as specified by the user.
    The specified MFA device is an application that generates a 6-digit verification code that complies with the time-based one-time password algorithm \(TOTP\) standard [RFC 6238](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6238). Such an application is generally an app that runs on a target mobile device \(such as Google Authenticator\).

-   **Manage AccessKeys**

    **Create an AccessKey**

    To create an AccessKey \(AK\) for a user who needs to call APIs, follow these steps:

    1.  In the **RAM console**, click Users, locate the target user, and click the user name.

        **Note:** You can enter keywords to search for a specific user name.

    2.  In the Access Keys area, click **Create AccessKey**.
    3.  In the displayed dialog box, confirm the AK information and save it in time.

        **Note:** 

        -   The AK information is displayed one time only during its initial creation.
        -   For security reasons, RAM does not provide an AK query interface.
        -   If the AK is mistakenly disclosed or lost, you must create a new one.
    **Disable an AK**

    You can disable or enable an AK in the **Access Keys** area.

    **Delete an AK**

    **Notice:** Do not delete an AK if it is being used by another user. Deleting an AK that is currently in use may cause service failure. Exercise caution when performing this action.

    To confirm the usage status of an AK, check the timestamp through **Last Used** in the **Access Keys** area.


## Log on to the console as a RAM user {#section_04 .section}

**Logon portal**

To maintain account security, the logon portal for RAM users is different from that of the Alibaba Cloud account.

To view the logon link, log on to the [RAM console](https://partners-intl.console.aliyun.com/#/ram) and find the logon link on the Overview page.

**Logon information**

The RAM user logon account is in User Principal Name \(UPN\) format and the full account format is <$username\>@<$AccountAlias\>.onaliyun.com, which is the user logon name shown in the user list in the RAM console.

On the RAM user logon page, users can log on using the UPN format or <$username\>@<$AccountAlias\>.

-   Each Alibaba Cloud account has a **Default Domain**. To view or modify the domain name, log on to the **RAM console**, go to the **Identities** page, and select **Settings** \> **Advanced**.
    -   The format of the **Default Domain** is <$AccountAlias\>.onaliyun.com.
    -   If you have not set any account alias, the account alias is set to the AccountID by default, and the **Default Domain** is in the following format: <$AccountID\>.onaliyun.com.
-   You can also configure a **Domain Alias** for your account and the RAM user can use the domain alias to log on. To view the domain alias, log on to the **RAM console**, go to the **Identities** page, and click **Settings** \> **Advanced**.

    For more information about **Domain Alias**, see [Configure the SAML of an account](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Identity management/Identity federation management/Configure the SAML of an account.md#).


**Note:** By default, RAM users do not have any access permissions. A RAM user without permissions can log on to the console, but cannot perform any operations. For more information about how to grant RAM users permissions, see [Permission granting in RAM](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Permission management/Permission granting/Permission granting in RAM.md#).

## Delete a RAM user {#section_05 .section}

**Notice:** Do not delete a RAM user that is active. Deleting an active RAM user may result in service failure. Exercise caution when performing this action.

1.  In the **RAM console**, click Users. Then, locate the RAM user that you want to delete.
2.  Click **Delete**.
3.  In the displayed **Delete User** dialog box, click **OK**.

