# RAM users {#concept_12348_en .concept}

An Alibaba Cloud Resource Access Management \(RAM\) user is an entity that you create in Alibaba Cloud to represent the person or application that uses it to interact with Alibaba Cloud. A RAM user can access Alibaba Cloud resources after you grant required permissions to the user.

## Create a RAM user {#section_sqw_uhl_nmn .section}

1.  Log on to the [RAM console](https://partners-intl.console.aliyun.com/#/ram).
2.  In the left-side navigation pane, click **Users**.
3.  In the upper-right corner of the displayed page, click **Create User**.
4.  Enter the username, display name, and description.
5.  Click **OK**.

## Manage your RAM users {#section_w5y_vnh_ihr .section}

After you create one or more RAM users, you can customize user settings as needed.

-   Modify basic information about a RAM user
    1.  In the left-side navigation pane of the RAM console, click Users.
    2.  In the **User Name/Display Name** column, click the username of the target RAM user.

        **Note:** You can also enter keywords to search for a specific username.

    3.  In the **Basic Information** section, click **Edit Basic Information**.
    4.  In the displayed dialog box, modify the username, display name, and description as needed.
    5.  Click **OK**.
-   Manage console logon.

    You can set a logon password for RAM users to use when they log on to the console.

    1.  In the left-side navigation pane of the RAM console, click **Users**.
    2.  In the **User Name/Display Name** column, click the username of the target RAM user.

        **Note:** You can also enter keywords to search for a specific username.

    3.  In the **Web Console Logon Management** section, click **Enable Console Logon**.
    4.  In the displayed dialog box, enter a new password.
    5.  Confirm the new password and click **OK**.
-   Attach an MFA device.

    Multi-factor authentication \(MFA\) is an effective means to provide more security protection than the standard username and password authentication method.

    1.  In the left-side navigation pane of the RAM console, click **Users**.
    2.  In the **User Name/Display Name** column, click the username of the target RAM user.

        **Note:** You can also enter keywords to search for a specific username.

    3.  In the **MFA Device** section, click **Enable VMFA Device** and attach the MFA device to the RAM user as prompted.
    After you enable MFA, two authentication factors are required when the RAM user logs on to Alibaba Cloud:

    -   The first authentication factor is a valid username and password.
    -   The second authentication factor is verification code authentication, which is generated by the MFA device as specified by the RAM user.
    The specified MFA device is an application that generates a 6-digit verification code that complies with the time-based one-time password algorithm \(TOTP\) standard [RFC 6238](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6238). Such an application is generally an app that runs on a target mobile device.

-   Manage AccessKeys.Create an AccessKey.

    To create an AccessKey for a RAM user who needs to call API actions, follow these steps:

    1.  In the left-side navigation pane of the RAM console, click **Users**.
    2.  In the **User Name/Display Name** column, click the username of the target RAM user.

        **Note:** You can also enter keywords to search for a specific username.

    3.  In the **User Access Key** section, click **Create Access Key**.
    4.  In the displayed dialog box, confirm the AccessKey information and save it for later use.

        **Note:** 

        -   The AccessKeySecret is displayed only once when you first create it. Currently, only the AccessKeyId, AccessKey status, the latest time when the AccessKey was used, and the time when the AccessKey was created can be queried.
        -   If the AccessKey is mistakenly disclosed or lost, you must create a new one.
    Disable an AccessKey.

    In the **User Access Key** section, you can:

    -   Click **Disable** to disable an AccessKey.
    -   Click **Enable** to enable an AccessKey.
    Delete an AccessKey.

    **Notice:** Do not delete an AccessKey while it is being used by another user. Deleting an AccessKey that is currently in use may cause service failure. Exercise caution when performing this action.

    To delete an AccessKey, click **Delete**, and then click **OK**.


## Grant permission to a RAM user {#section_v8n_skq_ym1 .section}

After you create a RAM user, you can click **Authorize** to grant permission to the RAM user.

1.  In the **Actions** column, click **Authorize** on the right of the target RAM user.
2.  In the displayed dialog box, select the target policy from the **Available Authorization Policy Names** column.
3.  Click the rightwards arrow and then click **OK**.

    **Note:** To remove a policy, you can select the target policy from the **Selected Authorization Policy Name** column, and click the leftwards arrow.


## Delete a RAM user {#section_ydk_gnq_v6f .section}

**Notice:** Do not delete a RAM user that is active. Deleting an active RAM user may result in service failure. Exercise caution when performing this action.

1.  In the left-side navigation pane of the RAM console, click **Users**.
2.  In the **Actions** column, click **Delete** on the right of the target RAM user.
3.  In the displayed dialog box, select **Unlink Dependent Objects** and click **OK**.

## What to do next {#section_1s8_xzv_27b .section}

-   You can add a RAM user to one or more user groups and grant permission to the group as needed. For more information, see [RAM user groups](reseller.en-US/User Guide/(Old Version) User Guide/Identities/RAM user groups.md#).
-   You can attach one or more policies to a RAM user to allow the user to access resources. For more information, see [Permission granting in RAM](reseller.en-US/User Guide/(Old Version) User Guide/Authorization management/Permission granting in RAM.md#).

